<!-- with explanations of the technologies used, the approach taken, installation instructions, unsolved problems, any other useful information etc. -->

With the Sewer King my intention was to turn a short story into an immersive gaming experience. The immersive elements of the game come in the form of the artwork and sound which change every time the story changes setting. However, the most interactive feature of the webpage is the user's ability to change the outcome of the story depending on the decisions that they make. 

Facilitating this feature of the game, the user's ability to choose their own outcome was by far the most difficult part of creating the game. In theory, a similar game could be made entirely using HTML, using links to separate HTML files to progress through the story however there are three drawbacks to this approach. Firstly, this requires a lot of repeating code. Secondly, there would be a gap every time the user clicked to jump to the next page. And finally, there would be no way to store data about the user's decisions and mimic the roll of dice with probability functions. 

Using Javascript however had one major challenge: reassigning a single button to do different things many, many times. To do this, I had to create an if statement with a huge amount of else if statements tagged onto the end so that the story could unfold. On top of this I had to keep track of different user decisions to made so staying on top of what the program should do next became a huge challenge. However, with the help of a flowchart I was able to map out where exactly the story should develop from where it was and this flowchart proved a vital resource in keeping track of where the user was at any given point in the narrative. 

Unfortunately, due to the length of the story I was unable to finish the full story in time. However I have presented a functioning demo which eventually leads to a 'to be continued...' page when the user reaches the end of what has been created so far. Also, for reasons I cannot work out when posted to GitHub, the CSS behaves differently to how it does when I open the page with live server from vscode. 